You've just called the MCL algorithm.
And now, you should evaluate the overall quality of your solution.
To do so, you need to compute the average distance between the particles and the robot.
A good solution will result in an average distance smaller than a meter.
Before we start, let's iterate the MCL algorithm 50 times.
At each iteration, we'll see how the quality of the solution is
affected each time the robot updates its pose and take new measurements.
Here, I'm providing you with the evaluation function,
which take the robot pose,
and the particle set as arguments.
Inside the evaluation function,
I'm comparing the exposition of the robot with the exposition of each particle.
I'm also normalizing the values,
since the robot operate in a cyclic word.
After that, I'm comparing the y position of
the robot with the y position of each particle.
Here, I'm not taking into consideration the orientation of
particles since the measurements are not affected by the robot or particle orientation.
Moving on, I'm computing the Euclidean distance of the differences.
And finally, I'm computing
the average error of each particle relative to the robot position.
Now, use the evaluation function and compute
the average distance or error at each iteration.